Polishing ePayment docs (#164)
vippsas/vipps-epayment-api: how-it-works/vipps-epayment-api-how-it-works-online.md

# How ePayment works online

> This is how payment in web shops or merchant websites work with ePayment API.

Reviewer: 🤔
```suggestion
This is how payments in web shops or merchant websites work with the ePayment API.
```
